Fix bug in the aws_sns_topic_subscription.datadog_security resource (#60)
schubergphilis/terraform-aws-mcaf-landing-zone: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

BUG FIXES

> * Fix bug in the aws\_sns\_topic\_subscription.datadog\_security resource ([#60](https://github.com/schubergphilis/terraform-aws-mcaf-landing-zone/pull/60))

Reviewer: "Fix bug" sounds arbitrary, can you mention something more specific?

Author: better now?

> * Resolves issue where leaving the sns\_security\_subscription variable empty would cause failure and restructured the variable from a list to a map because in TF v0.14 for\_each statements cannot be used with an object that has sensitive values ([#60](https://github.com/schubergphilis/terraform-aws-mcaf-landing-zone/pull/60))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Resolve issue where an empty `sns_security_subscription` variable causes a failure by restructuring the variable to a map as `for_each` in Terraform 0.14 cannot be used with an object that has sensitive values ([#60](https://github.com/schubergphilis/terraform-aws-mcaf-landing-zone/pull/60))
```

Author: Commited
